# Portfolio

## Description

The goal of this project was to create a Rock, Paper, Scissors game usng JavaScript. The game allows you to pick R, S, or P. The computer choice is generated by randome number generation. The alert will tell you if you won, the computer won, or you tied.
The game will also tally your wins, losses, and ties until you refresh the page, or choose to not play again.

## Installation

Installation is not required. The webpage is accessible from any web browser application.

## Usage

To use this service simply navigate to the website address below and begin exploring the information provided.

https://ahelmin.github.io/rock-paper-scissors/

## Credits

This code was created by me and the members of my group. Thanks goes to the University of Minnesota and Edx Bootcamp for providing the assistance needed to complete this project.

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 helm0127

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
